check_acc months credits purpose amount savings years_empl install sex_status oth_debtors resid_since property age oth_inst housing numcredits job pers_maint phone foreign_worker class
check_acc_red months_6 credits_other purpose_radio_tv amount_1169 savings_unknown years_empl_7_ install_4 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_real_estate age_67 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_2 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_own foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_200_ months_48 credits_timely purpose_radio_tv amount_5951 savings_0_100 years_empl_1_4 install_2 sex_status_f_div_sep_marr oth_debtors_none resid_since_2 property_real_estate age_22 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_bad
check_acc_none months_12 credits_other purpose_education amount_2096 savings_0_100 years_empl_4_7 install_2 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_3 property_real_estate age_49 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_1 job_unskill_resid pers_maint_2 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_red months_42 credits_timely purpose_furn_equip amount_7882 savings_0_100 years_empl_4_7 install_2 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_guarant resid_since_4 property_savings_ins age_45 oth_inst_none housing_forfree credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_2 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_red months_24 credits_delay purpose_car_new_ amount_4870 savings_0_100 years_empl_1_4 install_3 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_no_unknown age_53 oth_inst_none housing_forfree credits_2 job_skill_official pers_maint_2 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_bad
check_acc_none months_36 credits_timely purpose_education amount_9055 savings_unknown years_empl_1_4 install_2 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_no_unknown age_35 oth_inst_none housing_forfree credits_1 job_unskill_resid pers_maint_2 phone_own foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_none months_24 credits_timely purpose_furn_equip amount_2835 savings_500_1000 years_empl_7_ install_3 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_savings_ins age_53 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_200_ months_36 credits_timely purpose_car_used_ amount_6948 savings_0_100 years_empl_1_4 install_2 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_2 property_car_other age_35 oth_inst_none housing_rent credits_1 job_hi_qual_self_emp pers_maint_1 phone_own foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_none months_12 credits_timely purpose_radio_tv amount_3059 savings_1000_ years_empl_4_7 install_2 sex_status_m_div_sep oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_real_estate age_61 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_1 job_unskill_resid pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_200_ months_30 credits_other purpose_car_new_ amount_5234 savings_0_100 years_empl_unemployed install_4 sex_status_m_marr_wid oth_debtors_none resid_since_2 property_car_other age_28 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_2 job_hi_qual_self_emp pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_bad
check_acc_200_ months_12 credits_timely purpose_car_new_ amount_1295 savings_0_100 years_empl_0_1 install_3 sex_status_f_div_sep_marr oth_debtors_none resid_since_1 property_car_other age_25 oth_inst_none housing_rent credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_bad
check_acc_red months_48 credits_timely purpose_business amount_4308 savings_0_100 years_empl_0_1 install_3 sex_status_f_div_sep_marr oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_savings_ins age_24 oth_inst_none housing_rent credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_bad
check_acc_200_ months_12 credits_timely purpose_radio_tv amount_1567 savings_0_100 years_empl_1_4 install_1 sex_status_f_div_sep_marr oth_debtors_none resid_since_1 property_car_other age_22 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_own foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_red months_24 credits_other purpose_car_new_ amount_1199 savings_0_100 years_empl_7_ install_4 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_car_other age_60 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_2 job_unskill_resid pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_bad
check_acc_red months_15 credits_timely purpose_car_new_ amount_1403 savings_0_100 years_empl_1_4 install_2 sex_status_f_div_sep_marr oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_car_other age_28 oth_inst_none housing_rent credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_red months_24 credits_timely purpose_radio_tv amount_1282 savings_100_500 years_empl_1_4 install_4 sex_status_f_div_sep_marr oth_debtors_none resid_since_2 property_car_other age_32 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_1 job_unskill_resid pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_bad
check_acc_none months_24 credits_other purpose_radio_tv amount_2424 savings_unknown years_empl_7_ install_4 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_savings_ins age_53 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_2 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_red months_30 credits_none purpose_business amount_8072 savings_unknown years_empl_0_1 install_2 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_3 property_car_other age_25 oth_inst_bank housing_own credits_3 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_200_ months_24 credits_timely purpose_car_used_ amount_12579 savings_0_100 years_empl_7_ install_4 sex_status_f_div_sep_marr oth_debtors_none resid_since_2 property_no_unknown age_44 oth_inst_none housing_forfree credits_1 job_hi_qual_self_emp pers_maint_1 phone_own foreign_worker_no class_bad
check_acc_none months_24 credits_timely purpose_radio_tv amount_3430 savings_500_1000 years_empl_7_ install_3 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_2 property_car_other age_31 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_2 phone_own foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_none months_9 credits_other purpose_car_new_ amount_2134 savings_0_100 years_empl_1_4 install_4 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_car_other age_48 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_3 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_own foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_red months_6 credits_timely purpose_radio_tv amount_2647 savings_500_1000 years_empl_1_4 install_2 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_3 property_real_estate age_44 oth_inst_none housing_rent credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_2 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_red months_10 credits_other purpose_car_new_ amount_2241 savings_0_100 years_empl_0_1 install_1 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_3 property_real_estate age_48 oth_inst_none housing_rent credits_2 job_unskill_resid pers_maint_2 phone_no foreign_worker_yes class_good
check_acc_200_ months_12 credits_other purpose_car_used_ amount_1804 savings_100_500 years_empl_0_1 install_3 sex_status_m_single oth_debtors_none resid_since_4 property_savings_ins age_44 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_1 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_no class_good
check_acc_none months_10 credits_other purpose_furn_equip amount_2069 savings_unknown years_empl_1_4 install_2 sex_status_m_marr_wid oth_debtors_none resid_since_1 property_car_other age_26 oth_inst_none housing_own credits_2 job_skill_official pers_maint_1 phone_no foreign_worker_yes class_good
